querier: set minimum concurrency to 4 for query-scheduler's new querier-worker queue prioritization (#9054)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/mimir/configure/configuration-parameters/index.md

[enable_query_engine_fallback: <boolean> | default = true]

# The number of workers running in each querier process. This setting limits the

> # maximum number of concurrent queries in each querier. Minimum 4; lower values
> # will be ignored and set to the minimum.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# maximum number of concurrent queries in each querier. The minimum value is four; lower values
# are ignored and set to the minimum.
```
